# Converted json to xml
- Converted top level market list to xml 
- Created a tag for each json element
- Converted the list of stocks to xml
- Converted list of account to xml
- Replaced & to &amp;, so that the xml is well formed.

# Created xsd for xml
- The root element stockMarkets is of complex type with sequence of at least one market.
- id, name, and currency are simple element of type string
- address element is complex type with sequence of simple elements;street, city, region and country which are of type string.
- stocks element is of complex type with sequence of at least one stock.
- It has simple elements named symbol, name, sector, industry, marketCap with type string.
- It also has a simple element named price with type decimal.
- The accounts element is a complex type with sequence of atleast one account.
- the account element is a complex type with only one holder and bank element
- The holder element is a complex type with sequence of simple elements named firstName, lastName, gender, occupation of type string.
- The bank element is a complex type with a sequence of simple element iban of type string. 

# Created xslt to display data in table format
- When the root node is matched the corresponding template is used to convert the xml to tabluar form
- xsl:for-each is used to loop through all the markets
- for each market the id, name and currency is read and stored as table row.
- To display address, concat is used to combine the address data.
- apply-templates is used to match stock node and a nested table is created
- When the node is matched a row is generated by reading values using xsl:value-of
- Another template is used to match the 'accounts' node. A nested table is created and node values are read using xsl:value-of to populate the table.
